updated for 1.4 about eirini not working on cri-o (#71)
SUSE/cap-release-notes: adoc/Release-Notes.adoc

* The instructions for enabling Eirini can be found at https://github.com/SUSE/scf/wiki/Eirini.

> * Eirini will not presently work on Kubernetes environments running cri-o; please use Docker runtime instead for now.

Reviewer: simplify/reorder a little:

```suggestion
* Currently, Eirini does not work on {k8s} environments running cri-o. To make Eirini work, use the Docker runtime.
```
